ha
celine what ingredients and supplies are
needed
food ingredients it depends on what
you're going to make when your baby is
say six to nine months you're really
just going to start working with single
purees so your ingredients for say
apples apple sauce is just apples your
ingredients for carrots is just carrots
so that could be single once they get to
about 9 to 12 months you can start
getting more interesting you can added
some garlic spices and herbs and things
like that so ingredients just depends on
on how old your baby is and where you're
starting equipment that you need to make
your own baby food is really simple you
can be elaborate or you can use the
really simple and easy things which I
think are most important you need a
really good peeler to peel all of your
fruits and vegetables things like
zucchini don't need to be peeled later
on apples and pears may not be need to
be peeled but in the beginning for
textures too much texture having having
the skin on a lot of food a lot of
fruits especially so you can just use
your peeler to peel whatever it is that
you're working on then you need a good
knife that you're comfortable with to
chop and make it small enough the
smaller say a carrot is if you make a
sort of one centimeter cube or so of
carrot that'll be a lot faster to cook
steaming food is much preferable over
microwaving or boiling or even baking
once your food is steamed and you've put
your knife in so that it's really soft
and tender then this is my favorite
appliance small appliance to puree your
food with you can use a big food
processor you can use some people have
smaller choppers or smaller food
processors it doesn't really matter what
you use as long as you get at pureed
it's important once the food is prepared
to store it properly leann recommends
freezing it which will keep your baby's
food fresh for as long as three months
so you can use an ice cube tray you can
use one that you have already these this
particular one the fresh baby so ed baby
food trays have a lid which means say
for instance in the mommy chef classes
it's easy to take your food home with
you with it when it has a lid or it also
helps to minimize freezer burn so once
this is frozen you remove the lid you
run the back
under hot water and then you pop these
out put it into a ziploc bag named what
food is because there's a lot of foods
that look exactly the same apples pears
cauliflower looks the same and then date
it because you can keep that food for up
to three months and once the food is
ready the fun part is watching your baby
enjoy it